Fixing MTK broken links (#3242)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/migration_toolkit/55/09_mtk_errors.mdx

java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver
```

> Before using Migration Toolkit, you must download and install the appropriate JDBC driver for the database that you are migrating from. See [Installing Source-Specific Drivers](/migration_toolkit/latest/05_installing_mtk/installing_jdbc_driver) for complete instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using Migration Toolkit, you must download and install the appropriate JDBC driver for the database that you are migrating from. See [Installing a JDBC driver](/migration_toolkit/latest/05_installing_mtk/installing_jdbc_driver) for complete instructions.
```
